Chinigepalli Chakradhar Srinivas

Q1 : 
Counts the number of occurrences of "Male" and "Female" in the "Gender" column 
and returns the results as two separate columns named "Num of Male" and "Num of females"
Returns the department name along with the count of male and female employees       
in each department, with a default value of "Not Assigned" for departments that have no assigned employees.
The results are ordered by the "Department" column in ascending order.

Q2:  
Used a subquery to find the name of month with the greatest salary using GREATEST.
Determines the month corresponding to the maximum value using the "field" function, which returns the index of a value in a 
list of values, and stores the result in the "idx" column. 
Uses a "CASE WHEN" statement to convert the "idx" column into the month name (Jan, Feb, or Mar) and returns the result in the "Month" column.


Q3: 
The query selects three columns: "Marks", "Rank", and "Candidate_id".
Used dense_rank() to calculate the rank of candidates and then grouped the data based on marks. 
Used GROUP_CONCAT() to concatenate the IDs for each group.


Q4 : Used inner join operation in the subquery is used to find all the duplicates in the "mail" column of the "mailids" table and 
then used DELETE statement to delete all these rows except the ones with the smallest candidate IDs.
Used three subqueries which is not necessary


Rithish Punna

Q1
Counts the number of occurrences of "Male" and "Female" in the "Gender" column 
and returns the results as two separate columns named "Num of Male" and "Num 
of females". Returns the department name along with the count of male and female employees  
in each department, with a default value of "Not Assigned" for departments that  have no assigned employees. 
The results are ordered by the "Department" column in ascending order.


Q2
selects three columns, name of the employee, value to store the largest salary , and month. 
The greatest function is used to get the highest salary per employee in the columns in Jan, Feb and March. 
The field function is used to get the month where the highest salary exists

Q3
selects the three columns Marks, Rank and candidate id the dense_rank function calculates the rank of the students 
on the marks achieved the ranks are grouped together so that two students who score the same marks are given the same 
rank instead of different ranks. Used GROUP_CONCAT() to concatenate the IDs for each group.
Q4 : Used inner join operation in the subquery is used to find all the duplicates in the "mail" column of the "mailids" table 
and then used DELETE statement to delete all these rows except the ones with the smallest candidate IDs.

Used three subqueries which is not necessary




Pankaj Kumar Singh 
Q1
Used GROUP BY to group data based and departmenta. Used SUM function to add the number of male and female employees based on the CASE condition.
Q2
Used any_value function to choose any month (jan,fab, march in our case) which satisfies the condition that salary is greatest. 
Again CASE expression is used to check which month is greatest and also returns the max amount as value.
Q3
Used Dense_Rank() function which assigns the rank to each row . Assigns top rank to highest mark by using “order by marks desc”. 
Used GROUP_CONCAT() to concatenate the IDs for each group.
Q4
Used self JOIN and then DELETE by taking two tables c1 and c2 based on the condition that c1.email_id is equal to c2.email_id and 
c1.candidate_id is greater than c2.candidate_id.







